Captain Orange, you're back, bastards
It was me and Long Yun who met Lord Zhan Sai
Did you know that ever
Your people are the first to dare to handcuff me
Hurry up and open your hand for me, Lord Zhan Sai
Humph
I heard you wanted to arrest me.
To kill me yes yes yes
I'm sorry I'm blind
Eyeless
Then pull out your eyeballs?
Why keep it?
What the hell did you do?
How dare you catch the devil
It's the big brother who called the police
Murder
Stop looking for excuses
I know you have collusion with Longhumen
Help them figure out how to play
I just don't know that I'm someone you can't afford to offend
Immediately send me someone to thoroughly investigate the Jinhai Public Security Bureau
Send the offender to the devil's prison
Is this forgiveness?
This is forgiveness, go away